Update feature-pack.adoc (#4435)
vaadin/docs: articles/tools/modernization-toolkit/feature-pack.adoc

Feature Pack replaces the older Classic Components project which sought to be close drop-in replacements for several Vaadin 7 and 8 components and classes. As a part of the Modernization Toolkit, Feature Pack goes beyond Classic Components in its setup in a few ways. 

> For more information on the APIs and components inside this library, check out the link to the API docs, above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the APIs and components inside this library, see the https://vaadin.com/api/com.vaadin/vaadin-feature-pack-flow/[API docs]. 
```

> To start using in your Maven or Gradle project, check out the documentation at https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.vaadin/vaadin-feature-pack-flow

Reviewer: I believe this is missing the “object”:.

```suggestion
To start using Feature Pack in your Maven or Gradle project, see the documentation at https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/com.vaadin/vaadin-feature-pack-flow
```
